Hi, people, my name is aline
I am the travel blog reading and
girl addiction begins to make some
videos for you with book reviews
I already said that I liked it or even
the ones I did not like very much
today's review is the book has someone
Maria Case
I think that says her last name.
I do not know, she's very famous for the book.
watermelon and today I'll tell you
there is no one who tells the story of
year boy begins the book with her there is na
Her parents' house was in an accident.
she's all busted 6 is the
Descriptions of the book you speak my God
which is where I with this girl but only
in the beginning you do not know how it was
accident that actually happened and walks
she can not wait to go home
her or her husband to
work that happens to have the best
world's work the opel is worse
She's working is hot kills.
I think that's how I talk, I do not know every
has a way of pronouncing my
book sometimes a name or somewhere a
Job, I tell you who dictated the rg is so
so the cosmetics and honey can
pick up releases how do doctors
always because she is public relations
Send that to science.
Paulo then announce the family
integrates all her mother's brothers
everybody thinks it's the best job
of the world because it can also
how to ask if I had
the question is to give up and I would like to
are working type of company
of bay 15 enamels book and I do not know what
so she has the best job that
Spend some time when she's already better.
is thus another time between the
improve
she goes back to her city to convince
her parents to let back process
from her house and had her day to day
it's night
only fell yet
He is not home and she starts calling.
for him several times and only gives the box
phone and she leaves a message
and confused with several people in the
and do not know where it was that I do not know the
what she did to him and you stay in that
agony wants to know where military
happened because they separated and
everything else that loves your aidan e
you stay in that follow up with the
I miss her suffering and everything and the
same time Ana is very funny
Her sister lives in her house.
very funny mother and you move
enough with them with the situations and
everything else
and as time goes on she knows
other people she begins to remember
some moments of dream she remembers
How was her accident?
consequently other things like that
It's a book to laugh at, we cry.
to thrill from start to finish
lots of things happen to those
books that this well nor the people
type c talley in the brook bed
silva and know the terrain seldon had
think about it and always giving a gas to
more and those books for now
and there is that will of
you read every time the sand it
introduces something in the story and
happens and everything else
and I wanted to talk is that the end of this
book is so from the books that my
scenario that I used to read was in the
The bus was about to get off the bus and
near law book balanced security
anonymous and playing is then had to
stop the fence tear hold and come back
he that desperation crying a lot
because the end is very exciting is
pretty
Surely the Ana is one of the
book of the funniest you laugh a lot
with her and iran is like this we are a
cute
beautiful nlc is one of the most cute guys
that has passionate you look I want
even at home and you fall in love with
story of the two in the way they
and how they started to
split the toothbrushes and everything else
It's a delight, both of you are passionate.
together typical of khilit that people
likes romance the day to day of a
woman who moves in confusion and everything
but ours is a delight
so I highly recommend there is someone there
easy to read
person can read so it's personal that
it is not much
I'm a teenager, it's great for reading.
his lyrics are great so far so far
It's a big screen to kiss.
lawn missed a joke that in
up with little kisses and such the cover
She plays with this thing a little.
Her work is the best job.
of the world
play a little and that's it
beautiful book super recommend
I hope you read what you
I do not like it at all.
so keep that straight're ligadinhas
nor 10 reais
It's okay so if you liked the video of
curtain that subscribes to my channel
There are more videos for you to see around.
with reviews try neural tutorials
that I have heard of girl is about
enamels and travels to reading with drawings
of beds
so this is it girls you guys have a kiss
it's already right